[Music]
with almost five billion people using
the Internet these days it may seem hard
to find information that will make you
go WOW that's why it's so amazing that
there are still some facts they can
surprise even the most knowledgeable
people on the planet like me
the chances that earth once had not only
one but two moons the second one was
tiny just 750 miles across but then the
two moons crashed into each other and
the smaller one
sadly ceased to exist if you have an
active Facebook account you should know
that you're a monk and astonishing two
billion people who regularly use this
social media platform and that's more
than the combined population of the u.s.
Brazil and China three most sold
products of all time are the Harry
Potter books with more than 500 million
copies sold worldwide iPhone with more
than 1.5 billion devices sold since 2007
and Rubik's Cube often called the
best-selling toy with 350 million cubes
sold in different parts of the world and
I still can't figure it out if you want
to burn some calories by clicking a
computer mouse you'll have to do it 10
million times
thanks a better going jog for a while
you can see the world's largest
stalagmite which is a rock rising from
the floor of a cave in Cuba in quavo San
Martin Infierno there grows a
monstrosity that has already reached the
height of 220 feet the Canary Islands
weren't named after canary birds this
archipelago is a part of Spain and in
Spanish is called eyeless Canaries which
is a variation of the Latin phrase can
RA in select island of Dogs
scientists predict that pretty soon the
number of people living on earth will
reach the mark of eight billion but even
so such a number may not seem that big
once you get to know that there are ten
quadrillion and that's ten and fifteen
zeros ants on our planet know not your
relative but what's more amazing is that
the total weight of all people on earth
is almost the same as that of all ants
the world-famous
Mona Lisa a painting created by Leonardo
da Vinci sometime around the beginning
of the sixteenth century
spent several years in Napoleon
Bonaparte's bedroom a Josephine want to
come up and see my painting you won't
find the world's longest mountain range
anywhere on the surface of the planet
because it's underwater
the mid-atlantic ocean ridge located
surprise-surprise
in the Atlantic Ocean is almost 26,000
miles long which is as long as five
great walls of China located one after
another no wonder that makes it the
longest mountain range on earth animals
stay clear of powerlines because those
give off flashes of ultraviolet light
and about 35 different animal species
are also sensitive to UV radiation but
if we talk about all the mammals in the
world only apes and humans don't see
ultraviolet rays snake island is an
island near the coast of Brazil in the
Atlantic Ocean this 110 acre piece of
land houses more than 4,000 snakes
meaning that you could see a snake for
every six yards if people were allowed
to set foot on this island no thanks
the largest city in the world is Tokyo
its population is more than 38 million
people it's more than three times the
population of Belgium and almost four
times the population of Sweden
the Bluebird you see on the Twitter logo
has an official name
it's Larry the bird and the creator of
the social network named it after the
former NBA basketball player Larry Bird
from the Boston Celtics there are more
than twenty four time zones in the world
which means that not all of them are
exactly one hour apart from each other
and that's true many time zones have
only a 30 or 45 minute difference from
the neighboring ones remember to tell me
in the comments below about the time
zone you live in despite a popular
misconception when you lose weight your
fat cells don't just disappear into thin
air nope they've just become smaller and
vice-versa
when you gain some additional pounds
your fat cells grow in size the mimic
octopus has a perfect defense system it
can not only change its color but also
take the shapes of other animals for
example flounders sea snakes or lionfish
if you decided to save a few bucks by
charging your smartphone less often
let me disappoint you your charge a cell
phone you need teeny amounts of
electricity that's why the maximum
amount of money you can save within a
year is less than a but the world's
population is constantly growing and a
lot of people find it a bit concerning
but what if I tell you that all those
seven and a half billion people living
on earth right now stood
shoulder-to-shoulder they would occupy
just 500 square miles which is the same
as the territory of Los Angeles now this
huge number sounds more manageable right
McDonald's once created bubblegum
flavored broccoli to encourage kids to
eat more healthfully sadly the
experiment didn't end successfully child
testers were terribly confused by the
taste the weird broccoli was a failure
couldn't see that coming huh
the microbes living inside humans turn
out to be way more diverse than
researchers previously thought and
what's even worse almost 99% of them are
unknown to science
well that's disturbing the first oranges
that were brought from Southeast Asia
weren't orange it was a tangerine pomelo
hybrid and its color was Green if you
come to a zoo and see a giant panda
there then it has been borrowed from
China that's because every single panda
in the world belongs to this country
even if it's a cub born in another part
of the world
octopuses lay up to 56,000 eggs at a
time after that a super devoted mother
octopus doesn't eat for half a year
protecting the eggs when baby octopuses
get born they aren't bigger than rice
grains Scotland has more than 400 words
to describe snow some of the most
popular include Scalf a large snowflake
Sneasel to begin to rain or snow flank
drinkin light snow and FIFA to swirl
dogs can smell separately with each
nostril and ability no human possesses
if you have a pet dog observe it for a
while and you may notice that your pooch
starts sniffing stuff with its right
nostril if the dog feels danger for
example a vet clinic or an unfriendly
dog it keeps using the right nostril to
smell but if a smell turns out to be
Pleasant like food an amiable dog or a
potential partner your pet will switch
to the left nostril the longest English
word is still not in the dictionary and
experts keep arguing whether it's a word
at all these problems exist because the
word has 189,000 819 letters yeah I know
it's the full chemical name of tinton
which is the largest known protein but
you won't hear this word from me
because it would take around three and a
half hours to pronounce it and I don't
want to get halfway through blow it and
have to start over
sign language is recognized as an
official language in 41 countries by the
way there are more than 300 such
languages including international sign
language the only two parts of the body
that never stopped growing are your nose
and ears they get bigger even when the
rest of your body has reached its
pre-planned size instead of using good
old water firefighters extinguish fires
with wet water they had special wetting
agents to it chemicals that reduce the
surface tension that regular water has
it helps the substance to soak into
objects and spread everywhere much more
quickly
even though stereotypes claim that the
Sahara Desert is an endless ocean of
sand it's true only for about 25 percent
of its land the rest of the area is
covered with gravel and littered with
mountains and oases those seven and a
half billion people who live today make
up just seven percent of the total
number of people who have ever lived on
earth yes we just come and go turkeys
can blush as often as very shy people do
it happens when these turkeys are afraid
annoyed sick or excited so let's say a
male turkey sees a female it lives then
the pale skin on its neck and head
becomes bright blue red or white the
snood that's their famous flap of skin
changes its color to red - well some
people are bothered by the number of
calories they consume blue whales just
don't care they eat almost half a
million calories at a time and that's
240 times the energy they need to gather
krill into their mouths cows don't have
upper front teeth instead of them there
is a tough pad of skin but they're lucky
to have molars in the top back parts of
their mouth as for the total number of
cows teeth it's 32 just in case you
wanted to know
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]